Butler sees off
If you don't leave, I'll call security
Let's go in, let's go, send it to you, send it away.
Go and bring the medicine prescribed by the doctor
What are you pulling me for? Let me tell you.
In the future, whether it is at home or at work
Don't look for him again
I had nothing to do with him.
This useless thing
You've lost all the fat to your mouth
Can I warn you?
If you can't get Jin Yanting
I will sell you
Do you think I will still be at your mercy, Miss Su?
how
Did Mr. Ji change his mind and want to keep us?
This is the medicine prescribed by the doctor.
The young master said that if you keep it, you will throw it away as garbage.
It's better to give it to those in need
As far as I thank Mr. Ji
Oh, look at Mr. Ji, boy
Let's go. He sent someone to bring you medicine
Who is he?
What a duplicitous person
Daughter, him
But I care about you very much, hahaha.
Handsome dad
How is it you?
I'm waiting for my mom again. My mom seems to be out of love recently.
Bad mood, bad health
Now it's up to me to protect her
What a little man
Handsome dad, I see you are in a bad mood too
Are you also brokenhearted?